Rizz pick-up lines:
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put “U” and “I” together.
You must be Wi-Fi, because I’m totally feeling a connection right now.
Does anyone need a light? Because we’re the perfect match.
Even if there wasn’t gravity, I’d still fall for you.
You and I are like the Billboard 100 — we’re the hottest singles in the country.
Is it hot in here, or is it just you?
I’m not a photographer. But I totally picture us together.
You must be late returning your library books because you have “fine” written all over you.
Should I call you Darwin? Because you’re totally my natural selection.
Excuse me, are you lost? The World’s Sexist Man/Woman contest is next door.
You must be tired, because you’ve been running through my mind all day.
Can I just call you Google? Because you’ve got everything I’m looking for.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, because I can’t seem to take them off you.
Do you have a map? I just got lost looking in your eyes.
Have we met? I think I saw you in my dreams.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?
I can predict the future. And you’re in it.
Are you an artist? Because you’re definitely drawing my attention.
You must be a legend, because I’ve heard so many great things about you.
I always thought happiness started with an “h.” But I just realized it begins with “u.”
I just finished a book I think you’d like. Why don’t you stop by and pick it up?
I’m researching important dates in history and wondered if you’d like to be one of them.
Can I call you Waldo? Someone like you is impossible to find.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise to give it back.
You know what I’d really love to see you in? My arms.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can see my future with you.
You must be a parking ticket because you've got fine written all over you.
If you were a keyboard, you'd be exactly my type.
Are you an investment? Because I'm putting all my time into you.
If life had a center, you’d be the sun I revolve around.
Are you a GPS? Because you always know how to lead me right to you.
Are you a magnet? Because I'm totally attracted to you.
Are you an Oreo? Because I'm dunking on this opportunity.
Are you a pencil? Because you're drawing me in.
There’s no way your spirit animal isn’t a phoenix; you’ve reignited my heart like magic.
Are you a breeze? Because you've swept me off my feet without a sound.
Sweet, irresistible, and impossible to get enough of- are you secretly a chocolate chip cookie?
Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest.
Are you a refrigerator? Because you're way too cool to ignore.
Are you a parking space? Because I've been searching for someone like you forever.
Who needs a library card when you’ve got “check me out” written all over you?
Are you a phone charger? Because I feel dead without you.
Are you a 5G network? Because you've got me connected instantly.
Do you know how to hack? Because you’ve stolen my heart completely.

Best rizz lines:
My name is _______________, but feel free to call me Tonight or Tomorrow.
Is your fan club accepting new members? Because I’m about to sign up.
Are we in the self-service line? Because I’m totally checking you out.
If you were an ad, you’d be the fine print.
Are you a car loan? Because you’ve definitely got my interest.
I’d buy you a glass of wine, but then I’d be jealous of the glass.
My major is anatomy. Wanna help me study?
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a bandage? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Can you guess what my shirt is made of? Girl/boyfriend material.
Can I walk you home? I’ve always believed in following my dreams.
I’m writing a book about numbers. I just realized I don’t have yours.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Do you like Legos? Because I think we could build a relationship together.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
You must be a magnet. Because I feel the attraction.
Did someone break your heart? Because you can have mine.
I’d love to take you to a movie, but I don’t want get in trouble for bringing my own snack.
Are you a broom? Because you just swept me off my feet.
You hand looks heavy. Can I hold it for you?
Have we met? Because you look a lot like my next girl/boyfriend.
I didn’t believe in love at first sight. Until I saw you.
You’re so spicy, you’re giving me a bad case of heartburn.
If your dad a boxer? Because you’re a real knockout.
Do you have the time? I lost track of it after I met you.
Can I be your snowflake? I promise to never melt away from your heart.
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
Are you a Wi-Fi signal? Because I'm feeling a strong connection.
No pen, no paper...but, you still draw my attention.
Are you a heart? Because I'd never stop beating for you.
I believe in following my dreams, so you lead the way.
If being beautiful was a crime, you'd be on the most wanted list.
Kissing is a love language. Want to start a conversation with me?
Are you iron? Because I don't get enough of you.
Should we get coffee? Cause I like you a latte.
You should be Jasmine without the "Jas."
Are you a Disney ride? Because I'd wait forever for you.
Are you water? Because I'd die without you.
I see you like tequila. Does that mean you'll give me a shot?
Hey, I'm sorry to bother you, but my phone must be broken because it doesn't seem to have your number in it.
Are you a boxer? Because you're a total knockout.
Are you public speaking? Because you make me really nervous.
Are you good at math? Me neither; the only number I care about is yours.
I'm not religious, but you're the answer to all of my prayers.
Is your name Elsa? Because I can't let you go.
Do you know the difference between history and you? History is the past, and you are my future.
Can I follow you home? My heart seems to have taken a detour since I met you.
Are you April 1st? Because I'm a fool for you.
Are you the Krabby Patty formula? Because I'm trying to steal you.
Is your name Chamomile? Because you're a hot-tea!
Are you Legos? Because I'd never lego of you.
Do you work for NASA? Because your beauty is out of this world.
Math is so confusing. It's always talking about "x and y" and never "you and I."
You look a lot like my next girlfriend/boyfriend/partner.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as cute as you, I’d have 5 cents.
Look, I’ve been blinded by your beauty. My insurance company is going to need your name and number.
Are you from Disneyland? They say it’s the happiest place on Earth, so I figured it would be wherever you are.
Are you my laptop? Because you’re really hot, and I’m concerned.
You’ve got the best smile on this app. What’s your secret—Crest?
Could you possibly get me a glass of water? I’m suddenly really thirsty.
Are you one of the pioneers of flight? You seem just Wright for me.
Your eyes are like Ikea. I’m totally lost in them.
Are you my untied shoelace? Because I’m falling for you.
I think I’ve seen you in a book somewhere. It was really fine print.
I want you to know that I am 100% committed to this Tinder relationship.
Are you a model? (No.) Oh, when did you quit?
“Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.”
“Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?”
“Aside from being gorgeous, what do you do for a living?”
“If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.”
“I’m not a photographer, but I can picture us together.”
“Is your name Google? Because you’ve got everything I’ve been searching for.”
“Feel my shirt. Know what it’s made of? Boyfriend material.”
“Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see.”
“If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard.”
“I’m not sure what it is, but your smile makes me want to ask you out for coffee.”
“You must be a magician, because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
I'd like to take you to the movies but they don't let you bring your own snacks in.
No pen, no paper but you still draw my attention.
All the good pick up lines are taken but you aren't.
Excuse me while I delete my dating apps.
This must be a museum because you're a work of art.
Are you WiFi? Because I feel a connection.
I'm not even playing cards but somehow I pulled a Queen.
You must be a dog person because you look fetching.
I didn't even have to run to catch these butterflies.
I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
Hey, how was heaven when you left it?

Smooth rizz lines:
If being hot were a crime, you’d be serving a life sentence.
Do you have a sunburn or are you always this hot?
Were we in a class together? I could have sworn we had chemistry.
Are you a guitar? Because you’ve struck a chord in me.
Are you a carbon sample? Because I want to date you.
Do you have defibrillator? My heart’s been racing since we met.
Can I take your picture? My friends don’t believe angels exist.
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
If you and I were socks, we’d make a great pair.
Are you Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
There’s only one thing I’d change about you — your last name.
You must be Harry Potter. Because every time I look at you, everything else disappears.
Do you play baseball? Because I think you’re in my league.
Is there an airport nearby? Or is that just my heart taking flight?
If you were a fruit, you’d be a fine-apple.
Here I am. What are your other two wishes?
Other than taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
You’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be pretty cute.
Your lips seem lonely. Would they like to meet mine?
I must be a snowflake. Because I’ve fallen for you.
I’m new in town. Can I get directions to your place?
Are you a campfire? Because you’re hot and I want s’more.
My friend wants to know if you think I’m cute.
Are you OK? It looks like you’ve got a Vitamin-Me deficiency.
Is your dad Picasso? Because you're a real masterpiece.
“I must’ve gone fishing... because you're the perfect catch.”
“I lost my phone number, can I borrow yours?”
“I’d love to take you out to the movies, but they don’t allow snacks.”
“No pen, no paper...but still, you draw my attention.”
“My parents told me to chase my dreams—I guess that means you better start running.”
“No, I’m not 14, but I’m the 1 4 you.”
“Don’t mind me! I’m just following my dreams.”
“Math is so confusing. It’s always talking about X and Y, never about U and I.”
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see.
Are you Christmas morning? Because I've been waiting all year for you to arrive.
Are you Nemo? Because I've been trying to find you.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
I hope you know CPR because you just took my breath away.
Are you the Sun? Because I could stare at you all day, and it'd be worth the risk.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
My mom said sharing is caring but, no...you're all mine!
Are you John Cena? Because I've never Cena girl like you before.
It's time to pay up. It's the first of the month, and you've been living in my mind rent-free.
Are you a light? Because you always make me feel bright.
Just so you know, I'm a felon...because I felon love with you.
Do you like Star Wars? Cause Yoda only one for me.
Are you chicken fingers and fries? Because I don't care how many options I have, will always choose you.
It's a good thing I have a library card because I've been checking you out.
Do you have a bandaid? My knees hurt from falling for you.
We may not be pants, but we'd make a great pair.
You know what's beautiful? Repeat the first word.
Your eyes remind me of IKEA: easy to get lost in. 、
Just wanted to let you know: You have some cute on your face.
Are your parents bakers? They sure made a cutie pie.
Do you have an Instagram account? Because my mother always told me to follow my dreams.
I think I saw you on Spotify. You were listed as the hottest single.
I thought happiness started with an h, but I guess it actually starts with u.
I bet I know when your birthday is: October. Because you’re a 10.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
I hope you know CPR because you’re taking my breath away.
Have you been speeding? Because you’ve got fine written all over you.
I need a real estate agent—do you know any? I’m trying to make a move here.
“I’m not a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.”
“If you were a song, you’d be my favorite on repeat.”
“You’re so beautiful, you make my heart skip a beat.”
“I’m not sure what it is, but you make me want to be a better man.”
“You’re like a fine wine, you get better with time.”
“Is your name WiFi? Because I’m feeling a connection.”
“You’re the missing piece to my puzzle.”
“I’m not a player, I’m a keeper…of your heart.”
“You’re so stunning, you make the sun jealous.”
“I have a confession to make. I’m in love with you.”
“If you were a book, I’d read you cover to cover.”
4+4=8 but you+me=fate
Are you tired? You've been running through my mind all day.
What's your favorite drink? I'm asking so I know what to buy you when we go on our first date.
I should complain to Spotify for not making you this week's hottest single.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper.
You look so familiar…did we have class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
I'm learning about important dates in history, wanna be one of them?
They say dating is a numbers game, so can I get yours?
When I text you good morning tomorrow, what number should I text?
Hi, my name is [your name], but you can call me tomorrow.
Can I show your profile to my friends to prove that angels really do exist?
There's something wrong with my phone, it doesn't have your number in it.

Funny Rizz Lines:
“Hey, I'm Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?”
“If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.”
“Are you a Disney ride? Because I'd wait forever for you.”
“Are you Reddit stories? Because I’ll always listen to you.”
“I see you like tequila. Does that mean you'll give me a shot?”
“Are you the school stairs? Because you take my breath away.”
“I don’t have any more pickup lines, but you can pick me up at 9.”
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise to give one back.
If you were a Transformer, you'd be Optimus Fine.
Are you the Sun? Because you're hot.
Are you a vape? Because I'd never use you.
Can I get your jersey? Because I want your name and number.
I must be a time traveler because I can't imagine my future without you.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Are you a light switch? Because you turn me on.
Are you a doctor? Because you instantly make me feel better.
You must be a masterpiece because I can't take my eyes off of you.
Are you made of cheese? Because you're looking Gouda!
Are you my favorite song? Because I can't get you out of my head.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Are you a diamond? Because you shine so bright!
Do you like fishing? Because you have me hooked.
Are you a dream? Because I don't want to wake up.
If you were a fruit, you'd be a fine-apple.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but the Earth is definitely flat.
Are you a phone charger? Because I'm dying without you.
I’m not a professional photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.
The difference between history and you is that history is the past and you’re my future.
Are you a keyboard? Because I’d like to find out if you’re my type.
You must be a parking ticket because you’ve got fine written all over you.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Your hand looks heavy. Want me to hold it for you?
Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I would show you my world, but you already own a mirror.
You must be Lucky Charms because you look magically delicious.
If looks could kill, you’d be a weapon of mass destruction.
Do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?
Why spell bee when you can just say “B”? Why spell see when you can just say “C”? Why spell love when you can just say “me”?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you are the only 10 that I see.
If you like Aladdin, you could be Jasmine … but without the Jas.
I’ll bring the tequila if you give me a shot.
Are you into Legos? Because I’d never lego of you.
I should warn you that I’m a felon … because I felon love with you.
The world is flat—kiss me if I’m wrong.
I must be a light switch because you sure know how to turn me on.
Disney will be so glad—I found their missing princess!
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Is your name scholarship? Because I don't think I could ever afford to lose you.
Every time you show up, my system crashes- are you a coding error?
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling.
Are you a campfire? Because you're hot and I want s'more.
Is your heart an app? Because I can't stop checking for updates.
Are you a password? Because you've got me trying every combination to figure you out.
You remind me of summer break- worth the wait and absolutely everything I need.
Are you a hot sauce? Because you make my heart burn with excitement.
If aliens exist, you must be one because you’ve abducted my heart completely.
You’re like a watermelon: rare, refreshing, and totally one in a melon.
Are you a meme? Because you've been stuck in my mind all day.
My life lit up the moment you walked in- are you secretly an electrician?
You’ve got me stressed and unprepared like an exam I didn’t study for.
Are you a cactus? Because you’re sharp but still so attractive.
Are you a popcorn kernel? Because you make my heart pop.
Are you a sandwich? Because you're the sub-ject of my hunger.
Is your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout.
Are you a flat tire? Because you've got me feeling deflated without you.
“Are you from outer space? Because your beauty is out of this world! (and I’m an alien, so we’ll get along great)”
“I’m not a hoarder, but I really want to keep you forever.”
“Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.”
“If you were a transformer, you’d be Optimus Fine.”
“I’d say you’re as beautiful as a Greek goddess, but from what I can tell, you’re not a myth.”
“Are you a time traveler? Because I see my future with you.”
“Is your dad a baker? Because you’re a cutie pie!”
“I’m not a photographer but I can picture us together.”
“If you were a burger, you’d be the McHottie.”
“My heart is like a broken bone. It needs you to set it.”
“Are you a charger? Because I’m dying without you.”
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me.
Are you a charger? Because I'm dying without you.
Wanna be Minecraft without the craft?
Are you lighnting? Because you're McQueen.
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
Do you have a pet? Because seeing you has given me a whole new leash on life.
Is your name Jimmy? Because I've Fallon for you.
I don't normally chase people but for you I'd put my crocs in sport mode.
Are you a Mariah Carey song? Because All I Want for Christmas Is You.
Aren't you worried about global warming? Because you're making it hot in here.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Are you a loan? You've got my interest.
Are you a magician? Because when I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Did you invent the airplane? Because you're clearly Mr. Wright.
Is your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout!
How can I plan our wedding without having your number?
Are you a keyboard? Because you might just be my type.
You know, I'm actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?

Cheesy Rizz Lines:
“Are you anxiety? Because you’re making my heart race.”
“Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll bring it back.”
“Are you chicken fingers and fries? Because I don’t care how many other options I have, I will always choose you.”
“Are you a Wi-Fi signal? Because I’m feeling a strong connection.”
“Is your name Elsa? Because I’ll never let you go.”
“Do you work for NASA? Because your beauty is out of this world.”
“Are you LEGO? Because I’d never LEGO of you.”
“Are you oxygen? Because I can’t live without you.”
“Are you a vape pen? Because I’d never use you.”
“Is your name Cinderella? Because I see you leaving with my heart.”
“Do you have a quarter? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.”
“If you were a pizza, you’d be the extra-large with everything.”
“Are you from heaven? Because you look like an angel.”
“I’m not a dentist, but I can give you a sweet smile.”
“You’re like a shooting star, you’re here and then you’re gone too fast.”
“If you were a car, you’d be a Ferrari.”
“Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.”
“You must be tired, because you’ve been running through my mind all day.”
“Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?”
“You’re so hot, you melt my popsicle.”

Flirty Rizz Lines:
“I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.”
“Kissing is a love language. Want to start a conversation with me?”
“Are you tired of running through my mind all day?”
“Are you public speaking? Because you make me really nervous.”
“Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?”
“Are you my grades? Because you’re bad AF.”
“Are you a dictionary? Because you’re adding meaning to my life.”
“You better tie your shoe, I don’t want you falling for anybody else.”

Romantic Rizz Lines:
“Are you my favorite song? Because I can't get you out of my head.”
“Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.”
“If being beautiful was a crime, you’d be on the most wanted list.”
“If I were a cat, I’d spend all 9 lives with you.”
“Didn’t we meet in a past life? Because I can’t imagine a world without you.”
“I’m not religious, but you’re the answer to all of my prayers.”
“Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?”
“I must be a time traveler, as I can’t imagine my future without you.”

Steamy Rizz Lines:
“Are you a roller coaster? Because I’ll ride you any time.”
“Are you Ronaldo? Because I think we should get Messi.”
“You can call me Fred Flintstone because I’ll make your bed rock.”
“Are you a poster? Because I want to pin you against the wall.”
“Are you make-up? Because I’ll spend hours doing you.”
“You’re so magnetic! My zipper is falling for you.”
“Are you a sea lion? Because I want to “sea” you “lion” in my bed.”
“Are you a light switch? Because you turn me on.”

Creative Rizz Lines:
“Is your mom an artist? Because she made a masterpiece.”
“Are you John Cena? Because I’ve never Cena girl like you before.”
“Are you China? Because I’m China get with you.”
“I’m having a sale in my room—all clothes are 100% off. Care to place an order?”
“Are you from Korea? Because I think you’re my Seoul-mate.”
“I’m mad because I just listened to Spotify’s “Hottest Singles” playlist and you weren’t there.”
“It’s time to pay up, because you’ve been living in my head rent-free.”
You’re the Spotify Premium version of life- better and completely ad-free.
When will you start paying rent because you live in my thoughts rent-free.
Are you a full moon? Because I can't stop howling over you.
Are you a thought? Because I can't stop thinking about you.
You must be a 45-degree angle because you're acute-y.
Do you have a pencil? Because I want to erase your past and write our future.
Your vibe is so right, you might just be a 90-degree angle.
Are you a garden? Because I dig you.
Do you like donuts? Because I'm hole-y in love with you.
Are you a sneeze? Because I achoo-ally can't stop thinking about you.
Are apples jealous? Because you’re stealing their spot as the apple of my eye.
Are you Black Widow? Because every time I see you, I'm caught in your web.
I think we are at a concert cause my heart's just going brrr every time I see you.
Like a reverse Uno card, you’ve turned my world completely around.
You’re as mysterious and unforgettable as a conspiracy theory.
Are you a glitch in the Matrix? Because you’re too good to be real.
Are you my phone? Because I can’t keep my hands off you.
Are you a Snapchat streak? Cause I want to keep this going forever.
Is your name Google? Cause you've got everything I've been searching for.

Clever Rizz Lines:
“Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.”
“Are you part phone charger? Because I’m dying without you!”
“Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?”
“Are you a phone? Because I can’t stop staring at you.”
“Your eyes remind me of Ikea: they’re easy to get lost in.”
“My crush is ugly (without the G, L, or Y).”
“On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9 because I’m the 1 you need.”
You want to know what’s beautiful? Read that first word again.
Are you HTTPS? Because without you, I’m just ://
Hey, I’m writing an article on the finer things in life, and I was hoping I could interview you.
So I’ve been trying to come up with a good psychology pickup line, but I’m a-Freud I’m drawing a blank.
Is there a rainbow outside? I think I just found gold.
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus, and I must be a tiny wooden stick—we’re a match.
Do you know the square root of two? Because I feel irrational around you.
You must be a carbon sample because I really want to date you.
On a scale of one to America, how free are you this weekend?
Do you have something in your eye? Oh, wait. Never mind. It’s just a sparkle.
My barbecue is broken. Could you have a look at it? (What?) Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being a smoke show and all.
I would ask you to come to the movies with me, but they have a rule against bringing your own snacks.
All your pics came through at a 45-degree angle. Guess you’re acute-y.
“Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.”
“If you were a triangle, you’d be acute one.”
“Do you have a Band-Aid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.”
“Are you a light switch? Because you turn me on.”
“I’m not a mathematician, but I can add you and me together.”
“You must be made of copper and tellurium, because you’re CuTe.”
“If you were a planet, you’d be Uranus.”
“Are you a loan? Because you have my interest.”
“I’m not a weather forecast, but you can expect a few inches tonight.” (Use with caution!)
“You’re like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life.”
“I’m not a poet, but I can write you a love song.”
123456789. The only number I don't see here is yours.
Do you have Instagram? My parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Are you an artist? You're really good at drawing me in.
Angels should be in heaven. How'd you escape?
If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
Your name must be Barbie because when I saw you I pictured our Dreamhouse.
What is it like to be the most gorgeous person in this room?
If you were words on a page, you'd be fine print.
You must be a talented thief because you managed to steal my heart from all the way over here.

Cute Rizz Lines:
“When I was a kid I used to have to chase butterflies. Now you’re over here bringing them right to me.”
“Are you Google? Because you’re everything I’ve been looking for.”
“Are you a strawberry? Because I’ll always pick you.”
“My favorite word is 'universe' because it starts with U N I.”
“My Wi-Fi is 4G, but my heart is 4U.”
“Are your parents bakers? Because you’re a cutie pie.”
“Are you a berry? Because you’re berry much my type.”
You’re the bookmark saving all my favorite moments in life.
Are you a time zone? Because every moment with you feels like the right time.
Are you deja vu? Because I feel like we're meant to happen again and again.
The way you’ve got me falling feels just like gravity.
Are you a cookie? Because you're making me crumble with desire.
Are you spring? Because every time you arrive, everything around me blooms.
Your pull is as undeniable as a black hole’s gravity.
Are you a cloud? Because every time I see you, it's a silver lining.
Are you a Ferris wheel? Because you’ve got my head spinning in circles.
Are you a chef? Because you've got all the ingredients for my perfect day.
Is your laugh a song? Because it's the only melody I need.
Is your presence like gravity? Because I can't escape your pull.
Are you a smoothie? Because every time I'm near you, I feel like I'm blending in perfectly.
Are you a classic novel? Because I want to spend my life reading every page of you.
You must be a constellation because my world aligns perfectly when you're around.
Are you a blueprint? Because you've got the perfect design for my heart.
Are you a glass of wine? Because every time I'm around you, I feel intoxicated by your beauty.
You must be the moon because even on the darkest nights, you light up my life.
Is your name Homework? Because I can't stop thinking about you even when I'm supposed to be studying.
Are you an essay? Because I could write about you all day.
You are definitely a firecracker because you just lit up my world in an instant.
Are you a GPS? Because I'm lost in your direction.
Are you a storm? Because when you arrive, you shake everything I thought I knew.
You seem to be a flower because the more I'm near you, the more I feel like I'm blossoming.
Are you a symphony? Because when you walk into the room, you create a melody in my soul.
You are exactly like a sunbeam because you shine so bright, I can't look away.
Are you a caramel drizzle? Because you make everything sweeter.
Are you a prism? Because every time I look at you, I see a whole spectrum of possibilities.
Is your aura a sunset? Because you radiate the kind of warmth and beauty that makes everything glow.
You look like a shadow because I can't seem to get away from you.
“Are you a teddy bear? Because I want to cuddle you all night.”
“You’re as sweet as a cupcake.”
“Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.”
“You’re my favorite hello and my hardest goodbye.”
“I think you’re purr-fect.”
“If you were a flower, you’d be a rose.”
“You make my heart melt like ice cream on a hot day.”
“Are you a dream? Because I don’t want to wake up.”
“You’re the sunshine on a cloudy day.”
“I’d say you’re as beautiful as a Greek goddess, but from what I can tell, you’re not a myth.”
“You’re the reason I smile.”
They say nothing lasts forever. Want to be my nothing?
Anyone who says Disney is the happiest place on earth has never stood next to you.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can see you in my future.
I'm not a photographer but I can picture you and me together.
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie.
I had a good pickup line ready to go, but you're so good-looking I'm literally speechless.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you call it and see if it works?
Did the sun come out, or did you just smile at me?
Would you mind giving me a pinch? You're so cute, I must be dreaming.
If I had a time machine, I'd use it to relive this exact moment.

Poetic Rizz Lines:
“If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I’d only have one because you never left my mind.”
“If I could rearrange the cosmos, I would replace the sun with you—your beauty shines brighter than any star.”
“Even if the sun disappeared, your light is all I need to guide me through the darkness.”
“I’m the pen, you’re the highlighter. I write our future, you make it brighter.”
“If you died, I’d be jealous of the earth because she’d get to hold you forever.”
“You stole my heart, my eyes, and my thoughts—all that’s left is my last name.”
“If love is a battlefield, then you’re the victory that I’m fighting for.”
“Are you the sun? Cause you give life to my world.”

Classic Rizz Lines:
“I hope you know CPR because you just took my breath away.”
“Are you a parking ticket? Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.”
“You look a lot like my next partner.”
“Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes.”
“You know what's beautiful? Repeat the first word.”
“Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.”
“You’re so sweet, you give me a toothache.”
“If you were a Transformer, you'd be Optimus Fine.”

Witty Rizz Lines To Say:
Are you a triangle? Because you're acute one.
What's your name again? Can I call you mine?
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got fine written all over you.
I'm Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Have you ever been to jail? Because it should be illegal to be that good-looking.
Did we go to school together? I could have sworn we had chemistry.
Are you a magician? Because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're Cu-Te.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Is your name Ariel? Because we mermaid for each other.
If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.

Funny Tinder pickup lines:
Do you ever lie down at night, look up at the stars and think about all the messed-up things in the world? Like, why is there a d in fridge but no d in refrigerator?
Do you want to hear a joke about ghosts? (Yes.) That’s the spirit!
You’re seriously cute, but here’s the deal-breaker: Do you or do you not like raisins? (Regardless of the response, offer them a date instead.)
Be honest: Is this match at first sight for you too?
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Yoda I am. Go out with me you will?
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
You must be terrible at hide-and-seek. Someone like you is so hard to find!
Look, I won’t flirt with you. I’ll just be extra friendly to someone who is extra attractive.
I’m researching important dates in history. Do you want to be mine?
Do you like bagels? Because you’re bae goals.
If you were a fruit, you’d be a fine-apple.
Do you know what I have in common with the Little Mermaid? We both want to be part of your world.

Cheesy Tinder pickup lines:
Are you from space? Because you’re out-of-this-world good-looking.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.
What do you call a queue of people lifting mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pickup line.
Do you ever go fishing? Because you’re a real catch.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all my koala-fications.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. How did I get so lucky to match with you?
If you were a Taser, you’d be set to stun.
Do you play soccer? You look like a keeper.
Are you a gardener? I like your tulips.
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice!
Did you fall into a pile of sugar? You’re looking super sweet.
Do you like cheese? Would you like to brie with me?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pickup line.
Are your shoelaces tied? I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got "fine" written all over you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9…because I'm the 1 you need.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?
Are you a cat? Because I've fallen fur you.
I'm not very good at math but I can give you the value you deserve.
I'm no electrician but I can light up your day.
Are you Google? You have everything I search for.
Want a raisin? No? How about a date?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see.
Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.
I can't tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.
Are you a dentist? My smile got brighter when I saw you.
Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.

Genuine Tinder pickup lines:
What was the last song/movie/TV show you loved?
Describe yourself in three emojis. I’m: (Add your own emojis.)
My favorite pickup line is: (Insert a ridiculous pickup line here). What’s yours?
If you could be any animal in the world for 24 hours, which would you choose?
Titanic. That’s my icebreaker. What’s up?
OK, instead of a Tinder pickup line, here is a riddle for you: You have to choose between three rooms: one full of fire, one full of assassins and one full of lions that haven’t eaten in three years. Which is the safest? (It’s the room with the lions because they’d all be dead.)
Top three favorite dog breeds: Go!
Ready for a GIF war? This is my favorite GIF of all time: (Add your own GIF—we recommend the sassy llama.) Can you beat it?
So when our friends ask how we met, what are we going to tell them?
If you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would it be?
You seem cool. Let’s be friends, get to know each other and take it from there.
Forget icebreakers. Let’s get to the good stuff: What brings you the most joy?

Tinder pickup lines for guys:
You look so familiar! Did we have chemistry together?
Are you my appendix? Because I have this feeling in my stomach like I want to take you out.
I just bought a kiss-proof lipstick, and I want to test it out.
On a scale of one to 10, I’m a nine. But you’re the one I need.
I guess the pandemic is far from over because your smile is contagious.
I heard you like bad girls. Well, I’m bad at a lot of things.
Do I know you? You look a lot like my next boyfriend.
Are you a good cuddler? Because if so, I might let you join my gang.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I delete this match and try again?
If you could be any comic book character, who would you be?
Having fun isn’t hard when you’ve got a library card, but I don’t need one to check you out.
Do you know what’s most interesting about your profile?
Are you my oven? Because you’re hot, and I want you to make me dinner.

Tinder pickup lines for girls:
You don’t know how many times I’ve had to swipe left to find you.
Will you be my Tinderella?
Let’s just set an anniversary date right now.
I don’t cook good pancakes—I cook great pancakes. Brunch?
Just call me Shrek because I’m head ogre heels for you.
Are you my lost luggage? Because I’ve been having so much trouble finding you.
You’re so gorgeous that I forgot my best pickup line.
You seem nice. Want to share Netflix passwords (and, you know, date)?
You’re pretty, and I’m cute. Together we could be pretty cute!
Do you know what’s on the menu tonight? Me ‘n’ u.
I’m not really this tall. I’m just sitting on my wallet.
I just became an organ donor so I could give you my heart.
Have you been to the doctor recently? I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.

Bold rizz pick-up lines:
“I’m not a betting man, but I’d bet everything I have that we’d be great together.”
“You’re so fine, I’d risk it all.”
“I’m not going to lie, I’m completely obsessed with you.”
“I’m not usually this forward, but you’re worth it.”
“I’m going to be honest, I think about you all the time.”
“You’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.”
“I’m not afraid to say it, I think I’m falling for you.”
“I’m not asking you out, I’m telling you.”
“You’re coming home with me tonight.” (Use with extreme caution and only if appropriate for the context!)
“I’m going to regret this but… do you want to kiss me?”
“I’m not sure what it is about you, but you make me want to throw caution to the wind.”

Flirty rizz pick-up lines:
“Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?”
“I’d love to take you out for coffee sometime…or maybe something a little stronger?”
“You’ve got a smile that could light up a room.”
“I can’t help but notice how gorgeous you are.”
“You’re the kind of woman that makes my heart race.”
“I’m not sure what it is about you, but you make me feel alive.”
“You’re the kind of woman that I could spend the rest of my life with.”
“I’m not sure what your story is, but I’d love to hear it.”
“You’ve got a great sense of humor.”
“You’re so intoxicating, I feel lightheaded.”
“I feel butterflies when I’m around you.”

Corny rizz pick-up lines:
“Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!”
“I’m not a photographer, but I can picture us together.”
“Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see.”
“If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.”
“Is your name Google? Because you’ve got everything I’ve been searching for.”
“Feel my shirt. Know what it’s made of? Boyfriend material.”
“Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.”
“I’m no organ donor, but I’d gladly give you my heart.”
“Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.”
“Do you like raisins? How about a date?”
“If you were a fruit, you’d be a fine-apple.”
“Are you a campfire? Because you’re hot and I want s’more.”

Dirty Pickup Lines:
You must be my Tinderella because I’m going to make that dress vanish at midnight.
I was feeling off today, but you just totally turned me on.
You look great in that outfit, but I bet you’d look even better in your birthday suit.
Are you a pie? Because I’d like a piece of you.
If I buy you dinner, will you be dessert?
If I was a judge, I’d sentence you to my bed.
You’re so sexy, my zipper is falling for you.
You must be ice cream because I wanna lick you up.
I’m adding you to my to-do list. Can I check you off tonight?
Give me your car keys so I can drive you crazy.
I can’t taste my cherry lip gloss! Can you give it a try?

Dirty Pickup Lines for Him:
Are you undressing me with your eyes?!
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that drink.
Nice pants. Can I talk you out of them?
I'll show you my tan lines if you'll show me yours.
Your eyes have no secrets. They have already told me that you’re going home with me tonight.
It feels like it’s going to be one of those nights where neither of us get any sleep.
Are your eyes trying to strip me of my clothes?!
That body is yours for the rest of your life; I just want it for tonight.
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Wanna help me get on Santa's naughty list this year?
I bet you look as perfect with your clothes off as you do with them on.
If you were a character in Ratatouille, you'd be the spice to my bland soup.
I’ve been super on top of things lately. Would you like to be one of them?
I volunteer as your victim tonight since you're clearly dressed to kill.
Do you believe in karma? Because I know some good "Karma" Sutra positions we can try.
Did you make your bed this morning? Wanna unmake it together?
Does your name start with “C” because I can “C” us getting down.
Let’s make a deal: I’ll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
I find your lack of nudity disturbing.
I love my bed, but I’d rather be in yours.
Last night I had the wildest dream…and you were in it!

Dirty Pickup Lines To Use on Guys Over Text:
I’m so excited about our date tonight. If you play your cards right, then you’re going to love what I’ve got planned for later.
I would invite you to come over this weekend, but I’m not sure I can keep my hands to myself.
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you right now.
Do you know what my favorite thing in the world is? The second word of this text.
You remind me of Disneyland because I want to ride you all day long.
I’m trying on lingerie, but I need a second opinion. Do you want to help me?
Aside from being extremely sexy, what else do you do for a living?
Save some energy for me tonight. XO
What’s the hottest thing I can do for you when I see you?
You're so hot, you make the equator look like the North Pole. Can’t wait for us to get on Santa’s naughty list tonight.
Do you work at Dick’s? Because you’re sporting my favorite goods. See you tonight!
I wish you were here to play "Simon Says" with me… in bed.
Can you tell me what time you’ll be back at my place? My body misses you.
Did you go to the gym yet? I know one workout that you’ve been missing.
I can’t fall asleep by myself…can you come sleep with me?
I love letting you see every last part of me.
Are you a firefighter? Because you leave me all hot and bothered.
They say kissing is the language of love—wanna start a conversation?
8 o’clock. My bed. What you wear doesn’t matter.
Just checked my battery life, and it’s at 69%. XO
I never knew what it was like to want someone this badly before meeting you. See you soon.
Are you Dracula? You looked a little thirsty when I saw you earlier. Maybe you should come over.
Is your name Buzz Lightyear? Because I want you to take me to infinity and beyond.
Are you a sandwich? Because I want you for lunch.
Are you a genie? Because I’d like to rub your lamp tonight.
Can I practice my dance skills on you tonight?
They say that kissing is a language of love, so would you mind starting a conversation with me later?
Are you Jafar? Because you magically turn me on.
Want to meet for coffee? I need to make sure I recognize you with all your clothes on.
My lips are like Skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow later?
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts. See you tonight!
I miss feeling your hands all over me XOXO

Dirty Pickup Lines To Use on Girl Over Text:
Hey beautiful! What are you doing tonight besides me?
There’s a big sale at my house right now—clothes are 100 percent off. Wanna come?
I was just thinking about you… and all my blood traveled south. See you later!
I can't wait to show you how much you turn me on.
I've been practicing some massage techniques. Care to be my volunteer later?
I wish I was there with you right now. I don’t know how much longer my body can wait to see yours.
Are you my phone? I can't believe how long it took me to find you.
Hi cutie! Aren’t you exhausted? You’ve been running in my thoughts the whole day. Naked, most of the time.
I can’t sleep—all I can think about is what we would be doing if you were here with me…
Don’t ever change. Okay? Just get naked later. XOXO
I just wanted to tell you that you have a great smile, but it would look even better if that’s all you were wearing later.
Hey beautiful! Should I come over tonight?
I wish I was lying there next to you…naked.
I feel like a light switch and I can’t wait for you to turn me on.
I want you so badly.
Dinner first, or can we go straight for dessert tonight?
Stop thinking about me naked! Sheesh.
Great dress. I'm sorry I'll have to rip it apart later tonight.
I don’t like sitting here at work when I could be at home doing things to you.
Come over ASAP.
Tell your chest to stop staring at my eyes when you’re around me. It always distracts me.
Wanna come to the party in my bed tonight?
I can't stop thinking about all the fun things we could be doing together.
Are you tired? You've been running naked in my mind all day.
Is your body a map? Because I love to travel.
Apart from looking so beautiful and sexy, what else can you do?
I bought some whipped cream—want to be the dessert?
Twinkle twinkle, little star, let’s make love in my car. See you later!
Do you want to commit a sin for your next confessional? Let me know tonight!
Those jeans looked really good on you earlier, but you know what would look even better? Me.
If you look this good in clothes I can’t imagine how good you’ll look out of them.
I can you see you in my future...on top of me.
Hey beautiful! We were born without clothes, so let’s go back to the old days after our date.
I think I could fall madly into bed with you right now.
I can tell you’re into yoga, why don’t you spend a little time showing me just how flexible you are?
I hope I'm on your mind later—picture me with nothing on.
It has been raining all day long, and tonight is going to be crazy cold. Can I add you to my covers?
Just so you know, tonight will be unforgettable.
Hey there! I hope you remembered my name since you’ll be screaming it later.
I’m not a dentist, but I bet I could give you a filling if you wanted me to.
Hey! My name is Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight after our date?
Just like my favorite breakfast food, I can't wait to flip you over.
Tonight, pretend I’m a pirate and give me that booty. See you later!
Are you Mulan? Because I want you to handle my sword tonight.
I'm going to make your dreams come true later.
Let's pretend my bed is the ocean and make some waves.
Did you just put yourself on my "to do" list?
If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
FYI, your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
Are your jeans Guess? Because guess who wants to take them off?
Unlike the TV, I like when you have nothing on.
Do you appreciate culture? Because I'd like to French kiss you.
You have no idea what you do to me.
My muscles aren't the only impressive thing about me.
Much like Santa, I also have a gift for you in my sleigh. If you come over, I’ll give it to you.
You are worth every sin I’ll be committing with you tonight. XO
Lights on or off later?
I’m not a genie, but I can make your wildest wishes come true tonight.
I have a surprise for you later tonight…I think you’re going to like it!
I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your bedrock. See you this weekend!
I can’t wait to kiss every last part of your body.
Did it hurt—when you fell from heaven? Oh wait, you haven't been in my bed yet.

Dirty Pickup Lines for Her:
What’s a nice person like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
Are you Little Caesars? Because you’re hot and I’m ready.
Your body is 60 percent water…and I’m thirsty.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
Your clothes look uncomfortable. Let me help you out of them.
Breakfast is my second favorite thing to have in bed. What's yours?
I think you’re suffering from a lack of vitamin me… what do you think?
Baby, you’re so hot, you make the equator look like the North Pole.
You’re so sweet you put Hershey’s Kisses out of business.
I wish you were soap so I could feel you all over me.
Do you know your ABC’s? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
If being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!
Your belt looks really tight. Can I loosen it for you?
Do you like fishing? Because you just caught me.
That sweater looks amazing on you. I bet I would too!
Are you an elevator? Because I’d love to go up and down with you.
Do you like whales? Because we can go hump back at my place.
I have no interest in having kids, but can we practice anyway?
I'd like to walk you back to my door.
I love your shirt, can I try it on in the morning?
I'm an artist, and my favorite thing to make is love.
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed tonight.
That outfit you’re wearing would look great in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
Let's make some bad decisions together.
Just to be clear, we're both heading for the same bed tonight, right?
Do I have to sign for your package?
I’m an adventurer and I want to explore you.

Dirty Pickup Lines To Make Her Laugh:
Are you a firework? I heard you might bang.
Want to have the best sleepover of your life?
You be the Dairy Queen and I’ll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I’ll do it your way.
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
You look hotter than my coffee.
Let’s play carpenter so we can nail each other.
Do you have a cell phone in your back pocket? Because your booty is calling to me.
I’ve been trying to conserve more water…wanna shower together?
Did you have Lucky Charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
How's your heat tolerance? Because things are going to get spicy.
Do you like games? We should play strip poker.
I have an idea… Why don’t I be Burger King, and you be McDonald’s? I’ll have it my way, and you’ll be lovin’ it.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Are you a supermarket sample? Because I want to have you again and again.
I know how we could get a workout without leaving the bed.
Let me insert my plug into your socket, and we can generate some electricity later.
You’re like a campfire…you’re hot and I want s’more.
Don’t tell me what to do unless you are naked.
Your bed or mine?
One night with me might change your life.
I feel like a lamp because you keep turning me on.
Do you drink soda? Because you look so-da-licious.
They call me coffee because I grind so fine.
You’re like my homework because I’m not doing you, even though I definitely should be.
Good thing I know CPR, because tonight, I'm definitely going to take your breath away.
Hey! Nice legs—can't wait to see them in my bed.
Let's make like a firework and bang.
Do you want to watch or act out Dirty Dancing?
You can be Andy, I can be your Woody and you can play all day long with me.
Trust me, I’m like a microwave and can make things hot in just a few seconds.
I was always told to follow my dreams, so can I follow you home?
Are you Lightning McQueen? Because you've just fired up my engine.
I can’t tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.
Were your parents bakers? Because you’ve got a nice set of buns.
Do you like volcanoes? Because I might erupt later.
Is an oven nearby or is it just us? I can feel the heat.
Are you a cup of tea? Because you're piping hot.
I like playing chess in bed—want to help me learn some new positions?
Like Sabrina Carpenter, I know I Mountain Dew it for you.
Just like caffeine too late in the day, I'll keep you up all night long.
Your lips look lonely. Wanna introduce them to mine?
Want to take a staycation with me in my bed?
I lost my keys… can I check your pants?
I'd give up my ice cream to spoon you instead.
I don’t care if you’re vegan. I got the only meat you’ll ever need.
I’m no cashier but you got a couple things on you I’d like to check out!
Can I take your picture? I need it to show Santa what I want for Christmas.
If I were you, I'd sleep with me.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
There must be a light switch on my forehead because every time I see you, you turn me on!
Is your name Circe? Because you're turning me into an animal.
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night long.

Sexy Pick Up Lines:
You can delete the app now, I'm here.
Do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?
There must be something wrong with my eyes—I can't seem to take them off of you.
My name is [your name] but you should hear my phone number.
Your lips look lonely. Would they like to meet mine?
I'm not currently an organ donor, but I'd love to give you my heart.
If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I'll give it right back.

Flirty Pick Up Lines:
I have a phone number, you have a phone number—think of the possibilities.
I've got all these forks and knives all I need is a little spoon.
Your hand looks heavy, can I hold it for you?
I always thought happiness started with an "H" but it looks like it starts with "U."
Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
Did you just come out of an oven? Because you're too hot to handle.
I think we've met before. Actually, never mind—I think it was just in my dreams.
I bet my number sounds nicer than yours. Wanna hear it?
Trust me, I'm not drunk—I'm just intoxicated by you.
Do you have a mirror? Because I can see us together.

Corny Pick Up Lines:
I hope someone knows how to do CPR because you just took my breath away.
You're looking a little sick, you must be suffering from lack of Vitamin Me.
Are you a WiFi router? Because I'm feeling a connection.
Do you have a Band-Aid? I scraped my knees falling for you.
If you were a transformer you'd be Optimus Fine.
Let's play a game…not hide and seek though, people like you are hard to find.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda one for me.
I never believed in love at first sight, then I saw you.
It's a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.
If being beautiful was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
My mom told me not to talk to strangers online, but I'll make an exception for you.
Did you go to school at Hogwarts? Because I'm feeling the magic.
I'm really glad I just bought life insurance because when I saw you, my heart stopped.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber.

